Speaker 1 (00:00:01.38)
Let's create a compliance training video. I'm uploading a security awareness PDF about vision, which is voice fishing. Gemini 3, our main orchestrator agent, analyzes the document and asks about video specifications. The agent guides us through an iterative process. If we're unsure about any choices, it offers suggestions and helps us make decisions. Next, the agent asks about visual style. We're choosing 3D animation. I'm uploading our company logo, and the agent is going to extract the brand colors and store them for use throughout the process. Now for characters, we're adding all three of us. The agent opens a modal for us to upload the references through a tool call. Gemini 3 calls We've taken Obenana Pro to generate four angle references for the front, side, three-quarter, and back views, all styled in our 3D animation esthetic based on what we asked for previously. This ensures character consistency from every angle. The agent generates a complete script based on the PDF content, our characters, and our esthetic. Now the editing workflow. We can highlight any part of the script and include it in context for our next request. We can also directly edit the script ourselves, or we can ask the agent to make changes, and it'll show us before and after dips.

Speaker 1 (00:00:53.38)
This iterative loop continues until we're ready to finalize. With the script finalized, we call our Set Designer agent, analyzing the script to extract locations and character outfits. It then uses Nana Banana Pro to generate location images and four-angle tire references for each character outfit. The kitchen looks too plain, so we can ask it for an update. The agent regenerates just that location while keeping everything else unchanged. Now generating thumbnails, preview frames for each scene that combines everything the Gemini 3 agent has learned so far, from locations, characters and specific attires, scripts, scene descriptions, and more. Veo 3. 1 generates video clips with a maximum of eight seconds per scene. We create multiple shorter scenes and stitch them together. To ensure consistency while allowing user control, we use the assets gathered by the agent as ingredients to guide the video generation. Finally, the agent stitches all clips together and provides it for download. From a single PDF upload to a finished training video, all orchestrated by Gemini 3 with over 25 tool calls.